feat(curriculum): add chp3 md2 sharing personal details (#64546)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/es-a1-learn-basic-personal-information/693312adff1cf0d9813ae43d.md

---
id: 693312adff1cf0d9813ae43d
title: Task 6
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-6
lang: es
---

<!-- (Audio) Ángela: ¿Navarro con dos erres? -->

# --description--

In this task, you will hear Ángela confirm the spelling of a last name. 

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and answer the question below. There's just one correct answer.

# --questions--

## --text--

How would Esteban answer this question?

## --answers--

`No, con una sola "r".`

### --feedback--

This would mean there is only one "r", but Ángela is asking if there are two.

---

> `Sí, doble letra "r".`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Sí, con dos erres`
```

---

`No, con doble "e".`

### --feedback--

This refers to the vowel "e".

---

`Sí, con una "n" y dos "v".`

### --feedback--

This gives a different part of the spelling, but doesn’t answer the question correctly.

## --video-solution--

2

# --explanation--

Ángela asks `¿Navarro con dos erres?`, which means "Navarro with two r’s?"

> Two possible ways to confirm is by saying `Sí, doble letra "r"` or `Sí, con dos errers`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A reply to this question is: `Sí, con dos erres`.
```
